Give safe alternative for integer min. (#3702)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/classes.tex

The default \lstinline!min!- and \lstinline!max!-attributes are the minimum and maximum numbers of \lstinline!IntegerType!.
The minimal recommended number range for \lstinline!IntegerType! is from -2147483648 to +2147483647, corresponding to a two's-complement 32-bit integer implementation.

\begin{nonnormative}

> The lower bound is problematic due to integer overflow; a safe alternative is -2147483647-1.

Reviewer: I get the point, but it might not be obvious to the reader in what way the proposed difference is safe.  How about this?
```suggestion
Note that \lstinline!-2147483648! as a Modelica expression is the negation of a number above the minimal recommended number range.
To express the lower limit as a Modelica expression one may write \lstinline!-2147483647 - 1! instead.
```

Reviewer: As an alternative to _more safe_ one could say:
```
To express the lower limit with all intermediate results within the minimal recommended number range, one may write \lstinline!-2147483647 - 1! instead.
```
